.TH p4-record 1
.SH NAME
p4-record \- Record a statistical profile of a program
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B p4-record
[\fIOPTIONS\fR...] \fIPROGRAM \fR[\fIARGS\fR...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B p4
Record a statistical profile of a C/C++ \fIPROGRAM\fR executed with \fIARGS\fR.
.PP
The program must be compiled with debug symbols (\fB-g\fR option with \fBgcc\fR and \fBclang\fR).
.PP
The recorded profile can be analyzed with \fBp4-report\fR.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-help
Display a help message with usage information
.TP
\fB\-frequency \fIHERTZ
Frequency of interrupt and stack trace retrieval of the program. Default is 10Hz. Frequencies up to 100Hz has been demonstrated to work. Increasing it too much can make profiling unstable and even lead to internal GDB crashes, use with care!
.TP
\fB\-timeout \fISECONDS
Timeout after number of seconds after sending command to GDB. Default is 3 seconds. If the timeout is reached, control will be given back to the user by dropping back into the GDB session interactively. Decreasing it too low might give false positives.
.TP
\fB\-threads \fICOUNT\fR
Wait for this number of threads before profiling. Default is 0. Useful to ensure that profiling does not interfere with thread initialization. The number of threads can be figured out by debugging the program manually once and look for thread start notifications from GDB.
.TP
\fB\-output \fIFILE\fR
Output to \fIFILE\fR when recording.
Default is profile.p4, which will be overwritten on consecutive runs.
.TP
\fB\-stopat \fILINE\fR
Stop profiling at this GDB location.
Useful to ensure that profiling does not interfere with teardown code.
.TP
\fB\-verbose\fR
Display the GDB profile session at standard output as well.
Useful to debug \fBp4 \fRitself.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR p4-report (1)
.PP
.BR gcc (1),
.BR clang (1)
